there's one thing that um by way of
stories I think has really captured
people's imagination and becomes a bit
of a litmus test of what the hell is
going on and that's Epstein so this is
somebody I'm very curious to get your
take as a a former
spy Eric Weinstein he never comes out
and says the exact words but he's
basically saying that the the literal
words he uses are this guy is a
construct of someone else someone else
created this guy that we call Jeffrey
Epstein and so my question becomes then
the internet runs with that I don't know
what Eric thinks beyond that exact
statement but the internet certainly
runs with all right this guy's a CIA CIA
operative designed to get Intelligence
on people like Bill Clinton which is why
you have a painting of Bill Clinton
wearing a dress in the man's foyer which
is weird and I'll admit I try not to
jump to conclusions but that's a bad
look man uh and so is he a real guy is
he a CIA plant like what what what what
do you see what does the data say uh my
I don't have enough data to say what the
data says what I do have is enough
information to pull on assessments that
I think have a reasonable
probability CIA does not operate the way
most people think that CIA operates and
CIA would never have the legal jur
jurisdiction or the incentive to spy on
an American president do they have the
legal jurisdiction to sell drugs which
they do we know that you know I mean do
you know who the ultimate power is over
CIA which branch of government the
executive branch so so if he says it's
cool to sell drugs then it's cool s
drugs yo dude we do things that are
classified for a reason wow and we do it
all in the best interest of protecting
Americans and and I mean I am the kind
of person that's practical to a fault
right so if you tell me me that I can
either sell cocaine to impoverished
Latin American countries or watch 100
Americans
die I'm a cocaine dealer wow I'm just
just the way I work dude like just like
you you are honest I appreciate that the
the lives here are more valuable to me
than the lives here that's just I know
that makes me sound however that makes
me sound but that's just the way I was
that's that's the way I'm wired that's
my analytical overlay yeah so I have
zero reason to believe and zero evidence
to believe zero experience to believe
that Epstein is not a real person or was
some kind of CIA manufactured plant or
was a CIA asset or a CIA resource zero
reason to believe any of those things
foreign however here we go however I
have lots of reasons and lots of
experience to make me believe that he
was a intelligence resource for someone
else he may have been a resource for FBI
because that's a whole different
Authority that's granted on
investigating criminal activity inside
the United States and they work with
Shady people they work with criminals
they work with sources of all kinds so
he may have had a relationship with FBI
I can't speak to that but definitely not
CIA however if I was an intelligence
officer in any of the leading
intelligence Services the French the
Israelis the Russians the Chinese the uh
Iranians if I was an intelligence Source
in for Germany if I was an intelligence
officer in any country that was
interested in what's happening in the
United States I would 100% have devoted
time and energy into tracking and trying
to recruit Epstein into my asset of
reporting sources because he had access
such privileged access and he was
so malleable in terms of what he needed
and what he wanted so that he could be
controlled those two things are exactly
what you're looking for in the dream
boat asset
you want someone who can be controlled
by simple lovers and someone who has
incredible access those two things
together make a Dreamboat case and and I
mean even for an unsophisticated service
right like your unsophisticated services
being Ecuador or Panama or you know uh
Romania those are basic Services basic
intelligence Services your really
refined really talented services like cu
like uh MSS and China like like the svr
and Russia those Services could
absolutely make someone like that sing
and keep him well fed and well versed in
the things that they that he needed and
and get incredible access back from him
and then when the natural course of
American judicial process takes place
they can distance themselves from him as
much as they need to right because he's
definitely not going to come out and be
like actually guys don't convict me
because I'm a really I'm reporting to
the Russians no he's never going to say
it so it's it's all the Hallmarks of a
very good intelligence case carried out
by a foreign country doesn't mean it is
it just has all those Hallmarks but a
misinformed American public who is UN un
uh un irrationally focused on CIA
conspiracies they see something that
does look and feel like an intelligence
operation but they attribute it to CIA
because their anal analytical overlay
from movies and TV instead of
attributing it to a truly adversarial
service that could execute an operation
like that what are the Hallmarks that
you see that really make you go uh can't
guarantee it but damn the the
access the fact that he was
so close to so many people on both sides
of the political debate right
conservatives and liberals and he
participated in extremely compromising
behaviors with both
sides that doesn't happen unless either
you
are
so uh disconnected from the American
experience that you really do see
everybody as just a tool or you've been
directed to build those relationships
and incentivized to build those
relationships and rewarded for building
those relationships because it takes lot
of effort it takes effort to find Common
Ground between very far- leaning people
and then it takes effort to build your
life around being available to them when
they're available and then orchestrating
these compromising activities that that
takes so much time and effort it's just
not something that normal people
participate in even the very wealthy
come to a point where they're like I
could spend an hour with this guy or I
could spend an hour doing this other
thing that's even more productive and
they will rationalize their way away
against socializing and into business or
something other more productive Venture
right so the access is the biggest thing
and then the second biggest thing is the
incredible amount of compromising
behavior that he participated in like
even your your kinkiest
craziest people who who don't follow any
kind of moral or ethical Compass right
even those folks have a hard time
functioning at that level and also
participating in that much compromising
activity that's documented right like
often times to get to a place where
you're that morally and ethically
flexible you're not functional in other
ways he was somehow both so he could
have just been a very unique human being
I'm not going to say he wasn't but
probability wise he was
probably helped or directed in that way
not necessarily magically gifted but
there's still a chance it's interesting
that's one of the things Eric speaks to
is that when he so Eric was heavily
involved in finance and trading and he
met him and he was like there's no way
that guy knew the first thing about
trading he was like there's no way like
you talk to him for 30 seconds and
you're like what is happening how this
guy doesn't know anything about what
he's talking about he's like he
basically word salads his way through
stuff he uh Likens him to uh if you've
ever seen that Meme with Steve Bushi who
walks in hello fellow kids and he's you
know whatever 46 years old with a
skateboard over his back uh he said it
was like that with um trading which I
found hilarious that's a so that what
you're explaining to me now makes a
third Hallmark because a third Hallmark
of an intelligence asset that's that's
aided in their intelligence uh success
is that they don't know what they're
talking about they end up in positions
where they Thrive and survive just off
of their con game their confidence So
eventually people just rationalize that
this person doesn't know what the hell
they're talking about but I don't really
care because they're a good time so
let's have a good time and let's not
have any meaningful
conversation perfect opportunity because
guess what that intelligence asset has
to do all they have to do is listen to
the intelligent conversations between
two people and provide that intelligence
to someone else or get them to
participate in compromising behavior
that they can use for either blackmail
or some sort of documentation for the
potential future or you know grab a
phone or grab a laptop or you know let
somebody into the party who's a trained
intelligence operative to meet the other
cases like there's so many ways an
intelligence officer can use an access
agent and or a foreign reporting agent
who has the kind of access and control
levers that Epstein had if you like that
clip check out the full powerful episode
here and I'll see you there